 This lab will exercise your understanding of some of the concepts covered in Chapter 11:  
  classes, composition

1.  Using the personType defined in the book or using the code samples provided
    and using the class Pet you defined in Chapter 10 in-class lab (if you did not
    do this lab, refer to Chapter 10 in class lab solution).
    
2.  Use COMPOSITION, not Inheritance, to edit personType to include the class
    Pet.  This would be a has-a definition, i.e., person has a pet.
    
3.  Include any code that will properly access any constructors or other functions 
    needed to:
    
    a.  create a person with a pet and set the person's first and last name, the pet's name
        the pet's breed and the pet's color using ONE constructor.
 
    b.  Print the information for a person with a pet (person's first and last names, 
        pet's name, breed and color).
        
    c.  Code a test program that creates an object, setting the data properly and prints
        the data in the object.
        
This lab is 'extra' extra credit.  Extra credit will be given ONLY if the Chapter 11
in-class lab Inheritance is completed.  You have 1 week to complete. (3 points)

Complete as much as you can before you leave ensuring what you've completed compiles.  These labs are 
entirely for your practice.

If you like to include the following line of code:  system("pause");
You MAY need to:  #include <cstdlib>

The program may be named any name of our choice, must 
have a .cpp extention; variables may be any name of your choice.

You DO NOT have to comment these programs, however, please include your NAME as a comment in ALL code files.

Create with Dev-C++.  Compile and run.

SUBMIT the code (*.cpp, *.h) and your project file (for Dev C++  is *.dev). All files must be submitted and the program MUST compile and run to get credit.

You MAY zip the files and submit the zipped files.

MUST be submitted before end of class.

Questions will be entertained; solution will be discussed in class. This is a collaborative effort to provide examples
and practice for your understanding. 